{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\kerning0\cf0\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\widowctl
\pard\qc\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs32\cf0\cb1\b Ahnentafel Report for Garner, Rita Marie}
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 1}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Rita Marie}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Rita Marie was born on 1952-09-07 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 2}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 2.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Howard Lane}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Howard Lane was born on 1928-07-09 in LaGrange, GA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 3.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Mary Anne}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Mary Anne was born on 1927-01-13 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 3}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 4.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Eugene Stanley}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Eugene Stanley was born on 1895-12-01 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  He died on 1984-03-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  He was buried on 1984-03-03 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 5.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe)}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Frances Lucille (Babe) was born on 1902-07-08 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1988-08-09 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She was buried on 1988-08-11 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 6.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Walter Matthew}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Walter Matthew was born on 1893-12-29 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He died on 1969-01-16 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He was buried on 1969-01-18 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 7.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, Mary Cecilia}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Mary Cecilia was born on 1890-02-17 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1945-06-03 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She was buried on 1945-06-05 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 4}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 8.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Lewis Anderson was born on 1855-06-21 in Great Falls, MT, USA.  He died on 1911-06-28 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  He was buried on 1911-07-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 9.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Martel, Luella Jacques}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Luella Jacques was born on 1852-01-23 in Eureka, Humboldt, CA, USA.  She died on 1921-04-28 in Myrtle Beach, SC, USA.  She was buried on 1921-04-30 in Myrtle Beach, SC, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 10.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reed, Francis Vincent}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Francis Vincent was born on 1857-05-02 in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  He died on 1945-03-02 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He was buried on 1945-03-04 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Catherine Virginia}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Catherine Virginia was born on 1864-01-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1903-11-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She was buried on 1903-11-29 in Lexington, NC, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 12.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Moses Wallace}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Moses Wallace was born on 1862-04-08 in Riverton, WY, USA.  He died on 1909-08-08 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He was buried on 1909-08-10 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 13.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Landry, Eleanor (Nellie) Therese}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Eleanor (Nellie) Therese was born in 1864-12-00 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1935-12-12 in Adjuntas, PR, USA.  She was buried on 1935-12-14 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 14.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, William Bernard}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . William Bernard was born on 1854-01-25 in Union, SC, USA.  He died on 1928-12-27 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He was buried on 1928-12-29 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 15.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reeves, Maria}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Maria was born on 1856-11-26 in Big Spring, Howard, TX, USA.  She died on 1929-01-29 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She was buried on 1929-01-31 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 5}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 18.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Martel, Henry}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Henry was born on 1805-10-27 in Wauchula, Hardee, FL, USA.  He died on 1902-01-18 in Helena, MT, USA.  He was buried in 1902 in Helena, MT, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 19.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b H\'e9bert, Ruth Ann}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Ruth Ann was born in Ardmore, OK, USA.  She died in 1843.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 20.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reed, John}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . John was born in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  He died on 1886-08-11 in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  He was buried in 1886-08-00 in Shelbyville, TN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 21.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Goodwin, Sarah}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Sarah was born in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  She died in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  She was buried in 1886 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 22.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Moses was born in 1827 in Eugene, OR, USA.  He died in 1872 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He was buried in Lexington, NC, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 23.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Holt, Bridget}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Bridget was born in 1829-12-00 in Manchester, NH, USA.  She died on 1904-02-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She was buried in Lexington, NC, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 24.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Alfred Franklin(Frank)}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Alfred Franklin(Frank) was born in Paducah, McCracken, KY-IL, USA.  He died on 1864-12-25 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He was buried on 1860-12-27 in Douglas, Coffee, GA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 25.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Floyd, Martha Frances "Fannie"}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Martha Frances "Fannie" was born on 1843-05-13 in Provo, UT, USA.  She died on 1913-04-17 in Syracuse, Onondaga, NY, USA.  She was buried on 1913-04-19 in Corpus Christi, Nueces, TX, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 26.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Fernandez, Thomas}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Thomas was born on 1825-11-27 in Escanaba, MI, USA.  He died on 1902-11-26 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He was buried in 1902 in The Villages, Sumter, FL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 27.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Ortega, Catherine}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Catherine was born in 1843 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died in 1876.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 28.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, Michael}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Michael was born in 1820 in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  He died on 1859-01-09 in Beaumont, Jefferson, TX, USA.  He was buried in 1859 in Lexington, NE, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 29.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, Honora}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Honora was born in 1824 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died on 1895-02-09 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She was buried in 1895-02-00 in Lexington, NE, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 30.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reeves, James}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . James was born on 1819-03-24 in Hereford, Deaf Smith, TX, USA.  He died on 1897-07-11 in Cadillac, MI, USA.  He was buried on 1897-07-13 in Fort Collins, Larimer, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 31.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Meyer, Catherine}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Catherine was born on 1825-06-19 in Las Vegas, NV, USA.  She died on 1911-01-30 in Cadillac, MI, USA.  She was buried on 1911-02-01 in Fort Collins, Larimer, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 6}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 44.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Miles?}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Miles? was born in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 45.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Smith, Anastasia?}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Anastasia? was born in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 46.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Howell, John}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . John was born in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  He died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He was buried in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 47.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Yates, Sarah}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Sarah was born in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  She was buried in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 48.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Schultz, John}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . John was born in Lock Haven, PA, USA.  He died in 1860.  He was buried. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 49.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Payne, Jane Coppage}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Jane Coppage was born in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA.  She died on 1873-06-07 in Norfolk, NE, USA.  She was buried on 1873-06-07 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 50.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Floyd, John S.}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1  John S. was born in 1802 in Lakeland, Polk, FL, USA.  He died in 1893 in Norfolk, NE, USA.  He was buried in Dubuque, Dubuque, IA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 51.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Coleman, Mary}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Mary was born in 1812 in Cincinnati, OH, USA.  She died in Norfolk, NE, USA.  She was buried in Dubuque, Dubuque, IA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 52.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Fernandez, Thomas}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Thomas was born in 1787 in Laramie, WY, USA.  He died in Oshkosh, WI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 53.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Holloway, Sarah}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Sarah was born on 1795-09-10 in Bishop, Inyo, CA, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 56.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, David}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . David was born in East Liverpool, OH, USA.  He died in Fargo, ND, USA.  He was buried in Somerset, PA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 57.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Morrison, Nancy}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Nancy was born in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died in Fargo, ND, USA.  She was buried in Somerset, PA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 60.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reeves, John}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . John was born in Toccoa, Stephens, GA, USA.  He died in Lewiston, ME, USA.  He was buried in Sturgis, MI, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 61.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b McCarthy, Mary}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 . Mary was born in Malone, Franklin, NY, USA.  She died in Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.  She was buried in Sturgis, MI, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 62.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Meyer, P.D.}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1  P.D. was born in Kapaa, HI, USA.  He died in Kapaa, HI, USA.  He was buried in Kapaa, HI, USA. }
\par}
