{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\kerning0\cf0\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\widowctl
\pard\qc\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs32\cf0\cb1\b Descendant Report for Garner, Joseph}
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 1}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Joseph. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Joseph was born in 1792 in Steubenville, OH, USA.  He died in Shawnee, OK, USA.  He married Edwards, Lucy on 1823-01-03 in Picayune, MS, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Edwards, Lucy and Garner, Joseph}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 11 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Robert W.. Robert W. was born on 1826/7-04-24 (Julien) in Aberdeen, WA, USA.  He died on 1916-02-03 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  12 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Lewis. Lewis was born on 1823-11-18 in Moscow, Latah, ID, USA.  He died on 1911-01-21 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  13 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Anderson. Anderson was born on 1825-01-28 in Steubenville, OH, USA.  He died on 1887-04-07 in Oakland, Alameda, CA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 2}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Robert W. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Robert W. was born on 1826/7-04-24 (Julien) in Aberdeen, WA, USA.  He died on 1916-02-03 in Portsmouth, OH, USA at the age of 88 years, 8 months.  He was buried on 1916-02-05 (Mar25) in Knoxville, TN, USA. He was the son of Garner, Joseph and Edwards, Lucy. He married Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily on 1849-10-04 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily and Garner, Robert W.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr. Lewis Anderson was born on 1855-06-21 in Great Falls, MT, USA.  He died on 1911-06-28 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  112 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Phebe. Phebe was born in 1850 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA.  She died avant 1860.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  113 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Mary J.. Mary J. was born on 1851-10-12.  She died on 1852-04-01.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  114 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Mary M.. Mary M. was born on 1851-10-12.  She died on 1858-05-24.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  115 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  116 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Rebecca Catharine. Rebecca Catharine was born on 1857-05-30 in Denver-Aurora, CO, USA.  She died on 1937-04-09 in Alice, Jim Wells, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  117 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Carr, Zelpha Josephine. Zelpha Josephine was born on 1858-12-31 in Brownwood, Harris, TX, USA.  She died on 1895-02-08 in Beckley, WV, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  118 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Iola Elizabeth Betty. Iola Elizabeth Betty was born on 1860-11-01 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA.  She died on 1941-04-17 in Killeen, Bell, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  119 ix.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Robert F.. Robert F. was born on 1863-04-04 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1940-02-17 in Marshalltown, Marshall, IA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11A x.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Emma A.. Emma A. was born on 1868-08-18.  She died on 1869-02-23.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11B xi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Anetta. Anetta was born on 1870-06-13 in Centralia, WA, USA.  She died on 1900-10-04 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11C xii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Antoinette. Antoinette was born on 1870-06-13 in Starkville, MS, USA.  She died avant 1880.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 12.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Lewis. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Lewis was born on 1823-11-18 in Moscow, Latah, ID, USA.  He died on 1911-01-21 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA at the age of 87 years, 2 months.  He was buried on 1911-01-23 in Knoxville, TN, USA. He was the son of Garner, Joseph and Edwards, Lucy. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 13.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Anderson. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Anderson was born on 1825-01-28 in Steubenville, OH, USA.  He died on 1887-04-07 in Oakland, Alameda, CA, USA at the age of 62 years, 2 months.  He was buried on 1887-04-08 in Oakland, Alameda, CA, USA. He was the son of Garner, Joseph and Edwards, Lucy. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 3}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Lewis Anderson was born on 1855-06-21 in Great Falls, MT, USA.  He died on 1911-06-28 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA at the age of 56 years, 7 days.  He was buried on 1911-07-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA. He was the son of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. He married Martel, Luella Jacques on 1875-04-01 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Notes for Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 We have committed to synergistically disseminate resource-leveling methods of empowerment to set us apart from the competition. We envision to globally integrate inexpensive paradigms and professionally engineer timely technology while promoting personal employee growth. Our mission is to assertively build world-class methods of empowerment so that we may professionally promote parallel services to set us apart from the competition. It's our responsibility to dramatically maintain value-added services as well as to professionally simplify principle-centered technology for 100% customer satisfaction.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Thanks to the Mission Statement Generator from http://www.dilbert.com.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.\\line This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a preformatted note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.\\line                   This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is \\line         a note showing \\line                              a lot of different markup \\line                                       that mixes with each \\line other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1    test  |    val1  |     val2\\line   ------------------------------\\line     me   |   blue   |    red}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This source has all possible references pointing to it. The references are as follows:}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This note appears as a note to the source and also as a note for the person.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 page 01  Person\\line page 02    Name\\line page 03    Address\\line page 04    Attribute\\line page 05    PersonRef\\line page 06    MediaRef\\line page 07      Attribute\\line page 08    LdsOrd\\line page 09    EventRef:Attribute \\line page 10  Family\\line page 11    Attribute\\line page 12    ChildRef\\line page 13    MediaRef\\line page 14      Attribute\\line page 15    LdsOrd\\line page 16    EventRef:Attribute\\line page 17  Event\\line page 18    Attribute\\line page 19    MediaRef\\line page 20      Attribute\\line page 21  MediaObject\\line page 22    Attribute\\line page 23  Place\\line page 24    MediaRef\\line page 25      Attribute\\line page 26  Repository:Address}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Martel, Luella Jacques and Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1111 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Eugene Stanley. Eugene Stanley was born on 1895-12-01 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  He died on 1984-03-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1112 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Jesse V.. Jesse V. was born on 1876-06-18 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1929-01-21 in Cedar City, UT, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1113 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Raymond E.. Raymond E. was born on 1878-09-16 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1921-05-02 in Astoria, OR, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1114 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Jennie S.. Jennie S. was born on 1880-09-11 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  She died on 1964-06-20 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1115 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Walter E.. Walter E. was born on 1882-02-17 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1946-10-23 in Battle Creek, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1116 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Daniel Webster. Daniel Webster was born on 1883-09-30 in Hood River, OR, USA.  He died on 1936-03-02 in Gary, Lake, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1117 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Bertha P.. Bertha P. was born on 1888-03-13 in Hagerstown, MD, USA.  She died on 1918-04-05 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1118 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Elizabeth. Elizabeth was born in 1883.  She was buried in Hays, Ellis, KS, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Notes for Martel, Luella Jacques and Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr:}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 GRAMPS aid to look for its tree to him of family. It allows that you store data of genealogische to draw for above and investigating. GRAMPS tries to make all the general capacities available of other programs of genealogischer more importantly but, to put an additional capacity of integration at your service not generally for these programs. This one is the capacity to directly incorporate all the possible pieces of the information in Gramps and the cases of the data cambiar/manipulateany/all in the whole data base (in any order or order) around the user to support, if it makes the investigation, analysis and interrelation with the potential of the distances of the relation that fill.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a paragraph from the gramps-project.org page that was translated by Google's Language Tools to German, back to English, then to Spanish, and once again back to English.}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 112.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Phebe. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Phebe was born in 1850 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA.  She died avant 1860 at the age of less than 10 years.  She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 113.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Mary J. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary J. was born on 1851-10-12.  She died on 1852-04-01 at the age of 5 months, 20 days.  She was buried in 1858-04-00 in Storm Lake, Buena Vista, IA, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 114.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Mary M. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary M. was born on 1851-10-12.  She died on 1858-05-24 at the age of 6 years, 7 months.  She was buried in 1858-05-00 in Storm Lake, Buena Vista, IA, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 115.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 116.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Rebecca Catharine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Rebecca Catharine was born on 1857-05-30 in Denver-Aurora, CO, USA.  She died on 1937-04-09 in Alice, Jim Wells, TX, USA at the age of 79 years, 10 months.  She was buried on 1937-04-11 in Marion, OH, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. She married Ram\'edrez, John B. on 1875-10-07 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 117.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Carr, Zelpha Josephine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Zelpha Josephine was born on 1858-12-31 in Brownwood, Harris, TX, USA.  She died on 1895-02-08 in Beckley, WV, USA at the age of 36 years, 1 month.  She was buried on 1895-02-10 in Storm Lake, Buena Vista, IA, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. She married Floyd, John Morgan on 1875-02-04 in Denver-Aurora, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 118.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Iola Elizabeth Betty. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Iola Elizabeth Betty was born on 1860-11-01 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA.  She died on 1941-04-17 in Killeen, Bell, TX, USA at the age of 80 years, 5 months.  She was buried on 1941-04-19 in College Station, Brazos, TX, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. She married Ford, Stephen Jacob on 1879-09-17 in Vernal, UT, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 119.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Robert F. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Robert F. was born on 1863-04-04 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1940-02-17 in Marshalltown, Marshall, IA, USA at the age of 76 years, 10 months.  He was buried on 1940-02-19 in Denver-Aurora, CO, USA. He was the son of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. He married Cannon, Mary Jane on 1880-11-25 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11A.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Emma A. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Emma A. was born on 1868-08-18.  She died on 1869-02-23 at the age of 6 months, 5 days.  She was buried in 1869-02-00 in Storm Lake, Buena Vista, IA, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11B.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Anetta. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Anetta was born on 1870-06-13 in Centralia, WA, USA.  She died on 1900-10-04 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA at the age of 30 years, 3 months.  She was buried in 1900-10-00 in Storm Lake, Buena Vista, IA, USA. She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. She married Parker, Frank R. on 1888-08-23 in Centralia, WA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11C.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Antoinette. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Antoinette was born on 1870-06-13 in Starkville, MS, USA.  She died avant 1880 at the age of less than 9 years, 6 months.  She was the daughter of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 4}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Eugene Stanley. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Eugene Stanley was born on 1895-12-01 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  He died on 1984-03-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA at the age of 88 years, 3 months.  He was buried on 1984-03-03 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA. He was the son of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. He married Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe) on 1921-01-03 in Edison, NJ, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe) and Garner, Eugene Stanley}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 11111 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Howard Lane. Howard Lane was born on 1928-07-09 in LaGrange, GA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 11112 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr.. Eugene Stanley, Jr. was born in Vernon, Wilbarger, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11113 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, John Roger. John Roger was born on 1925-10-29 in Lafayette, Tippecanoe, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1112.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Jesse V. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jesse V. was born on 1876-06-18 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1929-01-21 in Cedar City, UT, USA at the age of 52 years, 7 months.  He was buried in 1929 in Sterling, Whiteside, IL, USA. He was the son of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. He married Taylor, Viola. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Taylor, Viola and Garner, Jesse V.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11121 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11122 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Victor. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1113.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Raymond E. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Raymond E. was born on 1878-09-16 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1921-05-02 in Astoria, OR, USA at the age of 42 years, 7 months.  He was the son of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1114.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Jennie S. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jennie S. was born on 1880-09-11 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  She died on 1964-06-20 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA at the age of 83 years, 9 months.  She was buried in 1964-06-00 in Sterling, Whiteside, IL, USA. She was the daughter of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. She married {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George avant 1911-07-06. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Jennie S. and {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11141 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Everett. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11142 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Esther Faye. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11143 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Georgia. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1115.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Walter E. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Walter E. was born on 1882-02-17 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1946-10-23 in Battle Creek, MI, USA at the age of 64 years, 8 months.  He was buried in 1946-10-00 in Sterling, Whiteside, IL, USA. He was the son of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. He married Garc\'eda, Maude. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garc\'eda, Maude and Garner, Walter E.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11151 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Maude. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11152 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Marguarite. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1116.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Daniel Webster. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Daniel Webster was born on 1883-09-30 in Hood River, OR, USA.  He died on 1936-03-02 in Gary, Lake, IN, USA at the age of 52 years, 5 months.  He was buried on 1936-03-04 in Sterling, Whiteside, IL, USA. He was the son of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. He married Jackson, Cora Ellen on 1907-06-02. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1117.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Bertha P. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Bertha P. was born on 1888-03-13 in Hagerstown, MD, USA.  She died on 1918-04-05 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA at the age of 30 years, 23 days.  She was buried in 1918-04-00 in Sterling, Whiteside, IL, USA. She was the daughter of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. She married Robinson, Clarence on 1907-11-16 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Bertha P. and Robinson, Clarence}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11171 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Robinson, Robert. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11172 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Robinson, Luther. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11173 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Robinson, Albert Raymond. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11174 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Robinson, Hugh Martin. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1118.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Elizabeth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Elizabeth was born in 1883.  She was buried in Hays, Ellis, KS, USA. She was the daughter of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 5}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11111.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Howard Lane. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Howard Lane was born on 1928-07-09 in LaGrange, GA, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley and Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe). He married Mar\'edn, Mary Anne on 1948-02-02 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Mar\'edn, Mary Anne and Garner, Howard Lane}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111111 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Rita Marie. Rita Marie was born on 1952-09-07 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111112 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Barry Joseph. Barry Joseph was born on 1948-12-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111113 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Anne Therese. Anne Therese was born on 1950-09-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111114 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Gerard Stephen. Gerard Stephen was born on 1955-07-31 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  111115 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, David Walter. David Walter was born on 1956-12-21 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111116 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Thomas James. Thomas James was born on 1965-12-10 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Eugene Stanley, Jr. was born in Vernon, Wilbarger, TX, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley and Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe). He married Pelletier, Josephine. He also married Washington, Pearline. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Pelletier, Josephine and Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111121 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Francis William. Francis William was born on 1945-01-03.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111122 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Richard Eugene. Richard Eugene was born on 1947-02-28 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111123 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Michael Stanley. Michael Stanley was born on 1948-06-12 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111124 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Barbara Jo. Barbara Jo was born on 1949-11-08 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111125 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Kathryn Mary. Kathryn Mary was born on 1952-09-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111126 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Peter George. Peter George was born on 1954-08-05 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  111127 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Bernadette. Bernadette was born on 1957-08-31 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 111128 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Louella Marie. Louella Marie was born in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  111129 ix.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Cecilia. Cecilia was born on 1960-07-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11112A x.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Mark Gerard. Mark Gerard was born on 1962-10-16 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11112B xi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, John Joseph. John Joseph was born on 1961-08-15 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11112C xii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Margaret Ann. Margaret Ann was born on 1951-07-18 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1952-02-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11113.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, John Roger. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John Roger was born on 1925-10-29 in Lafayette, Tippecanoe, IN, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley and Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe). He married {\uc1\u1041\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1102\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Violet Louise on 1961-10-07 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11121.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She was the daughter of Garner, Jesse V. and Taylor, Viola. She married Burgess, Edward. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11122.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Victor. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He was the son of Garner, Jesse V. and Taylor, Viola. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11141.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Everett. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He was the son of {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George and Garner, Jennie S.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11142.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Esther Faye. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She was the daughter of {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George and Garner, Jennie S.. She married Arnold, ???????. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11143.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Georgia. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She was the daughter of {\uc1\u1071\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George and Garner, Jennie S.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11151.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Maude. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She was the daughter of Garner, Walter E. and Garc\'eda, Maude. She married Cooper, ???????. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11152.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Marguarite. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She was the daughter of Garner, Walter E. and Garc\'eda, Maude. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11171.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Robinson, Robert. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He is the son of Robinson, Clarence and Garner, Bertha P.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11172.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Robinson, Luther. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He is the son of Robinson, Clarence and Garner, Bertha P.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11173.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Robinson, Albert Raymond. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He is the son of Robinson, Clarence and Garner, Bertha P.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11174.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Robinson, Hugh Martin. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He is the son of Robinson, Clarence and Garner, Bertha P.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 6}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111111.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Rita Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Rita Marie was born on 1952-09-07 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. She married Warner, Allen Carl on 1974-08-10 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Rita Marie and Warner, Allen Carl}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111111 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, Sarah Suzanne. Sarah Suzanne was born on 1987-08-29 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111112 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, James Jeffrey. James Jeffrey was born on 1984-05-03 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111113 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, Carl Thomas. Carl Thomas was born on 1981-05-11 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111114 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, John Allen. John Allen was born on 1979-05-04 in New Haven, New Haven, CT, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111115 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, Matthew Steven. Matthew Steven was born on 1977-06-23 in New Haven, New Haven, CT, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111112.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Barry Joseph. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Barry Joseph was born on 1948-12-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. He married V\'e1zquez, April Lynn on 1992-11-07 in Greeneville, TN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of V\'e1zquez, April Lynn and Garner, Barry Joseph}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111121 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Andrew Joseph. Andrew Joseph was born on 1999-04-11 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111113.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Anne Therese. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Anne Therese was born on 1950-09-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. She married Hale, Lawrence Paul on 1973-09-15 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Anne Therese and Hale, Lawrence Paul}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111131 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hale, Joseph Brendan. Joseph Brendan was born on 1975-07-17 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111132 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hale, Michael Patrick. Michael Patrick was born on 1977-07-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111133 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hale, Gina Marie. Gina Marie was born on 1982-10-03 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111134 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hale, Jeffrey Brian. Jeffrey Brian was born on 1988-12-23 in Jefferson City, MO, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111114.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Gerard Stephen. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Gerard Stephen was born on 1955-07-31 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. He married George, Elizabeth on 1979-01-06 in Farmington, MO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of George, Elizabeth and Garner, Gerard Stephen}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111141 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Stephen Gerard. Stephen Gerard was born on 1983-10-05 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111142 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Daniel Patrick. Daniel Patrick was born on 1985-02-11 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111115.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, David Walter. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 David Walter was born on 1956-12-21 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111116.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Thomas James. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Thomas James was born on 1965-12-10 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. He married {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}, Holly Ruth on 1997-07-07 in Blacksburg, VA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}, Holly Ruth and Garner, Thomas James}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111161 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Alecia "Allie" Clare. Alecia "Allie" Clare was born on 1997-12-26 in Fergus Falls, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111121.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Francis William. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Francis William was born on 1945-01-03.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. He married Gibbs, Connie on 1991-06-22. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Gibbs, Connie and Garner, Francis William}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1111211 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Melissa Sue. Melissa Sue was born on 1969-12-03.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111122.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Richard Eugene. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Richard Eugene was born on 1947-02-28 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. He married Gibbs, Elaine on 1971-10-23. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Gibbs, Elaine and Garner, Richard Eugene}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111221 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Heather Jo. Heather Jo was born on 1972-03-14.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111222 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Regina Lynne. Regina Lynne was born on 1973-08-27.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 + 1111223 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Jason Richard. Jason Richard was born on 1975-10-20.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111123.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Michael Stanley. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Michael Stanley was born on 1948-06-12 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. He married Gibbs, Sharon on 1970-08-08. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Gibbs, Sharon and Garner, Michael Stanley}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111231 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Michael Christopher. Michael Christopher was born on 1975-06-01.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111232 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Megan Ann. Megan Ann was born on 1978-07-17.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111124.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Barbara Jo. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Barbara Jo was born on 1949-11-08 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. She married D\'edez, William George. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Barbara Jo and D\'edez, William George}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111241 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 D\'edez, William George Jr.. William George Jr. was born on 1972-10-10.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111125.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Kathryn Mary. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Kathryn Mary was born on 1952-09-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. She married {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Dennis on 1975-02-08 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Kathryn Mary and {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Dennis}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111251 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Jon Dennis. Jon Dennis was born on 1978-02-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111252 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Adria Maria. Adria Maria was born on 1971-06-01 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111253 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Jacqueline Denise. Jacqueline Denise was born on 1981-01-18 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111254 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Joshua David. Joshua David was born on 1984-04-07 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111126.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Peter George. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Peter George was born on 1954-08-05 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. He married Gibbs, Joy on 1976-01-25. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Gibbs, Joy and Garner, Peter George}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111261 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Allison Renee. Allison Renee was born on 1984-03-20.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111262 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Amy Elizabeth. Amy Elizabeth was born on 1989-04-11.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111127.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Bernadette. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Bernadette was born on 1957-08-31 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. She married Beck, Jack. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111128.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Louella Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Louella Marie was born in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. She married Hill. She also married Coleman. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Louella Marie and Hill}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111281 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hill, Jo Lynn. Jo Lynn was born on 1977-03-12.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111282 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hill, Leigh Ann. Leigh Ann was born on 1979-01-23.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  1111283 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Hill, Sean Michael. Sean Michael was born on 1980-05-10.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 111129.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Cecilia. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Cecilia was born on 1960-07-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. She married {\uc1\u1043\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1073\uc0}{\uc1\u1091\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Matt. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112A.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Mark Gerard. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mark Gerard was born on 1962-10-16 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. He married Gibbs, Lori on 1991-12-02. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112B.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, John Joseph. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John Joseph was born on 1961-08-15 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. He married Crawford, Lori on 1994-03-04. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112C.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Margaret Ann. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Margaret Ann was born on 1951-07-18 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1952-02-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 6 months, 23 days.  She was the daughter of Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr. and Pelletier, Josephine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 7}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111111.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Warner, Sarah Suzanne. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Sarah Suzanne was born on 1987-08-29 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  She is the daughter of Warner, Allen Carl and Garner, Rita Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111112.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Warner, James Jeffrey. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 James Jeffrey was born on 1984-05-03 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  He is the son of Warner, Allen Carl and Garner, Rita Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111113.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Warner, Carl Thomas. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Carl Thomas was born on 1981-05-11 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  He is the son of Warner, Allen Carl and Garner, Rita Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111114.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Warner, John Allen. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John Allen was born on 1979-05-04 in New Haven, New Haven, CT, USA.  He is the son of Warner, Allen Carl and Garner, Rita Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111115.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Warner, Matthew Steven. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Matthew Steven was born on 1977-06-23 in New Haven, New Haven, CT, USA.  He is the son of Warner, Allen Carl and Garner, Rita Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111121.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Andrew Joseph. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Andrew Joseph was born on 1999-04-11 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Barry Joseph and V\'e1zquez, April Lynn. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111131.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hale, Joseph Brendan. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Joseph Brendan was born on 1975-07-17 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Hale, Lawrence Paul and Garner, Anne Therese. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111132.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hale, Michael Patrick. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Michael Patrick was born on 1977-07-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Hale, Lawrence Paul and Garner, Anne Therese. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111133.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hale, Gina Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Gina Marie was born on 1982-10-03 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of Hale, Lawrence Paul and Garner, Anne Therese. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111134.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hale, Jeffrey Brian. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jeffrey Brian was born on 1988-12-23 in Jefferson City, MO, USA.  He is the son of Hale, Lawrence Paul and Garner, Anne Therese. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111141.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Stephen Gerard. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Stephen Gerard was born on 1983-10-05 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Gerard Stephen and George, Elizabeth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111142.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Daniel Patrick. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Daniel Patrick was born on 1985-02-11 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Gerard Stephen and George, Elizabeth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111161.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Alecia "Allie" Clare. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Alecia "Allie" Clare was born on 1997-12-26 in Fergus Falls, MN, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Thomas James and {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}, Holly Ruth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111211.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Melissa Sue. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Melissa Sue was born on 1969-12-03.  She is the daughter of Garner, Francis William and Gibbs, Connie. She married Mart\'edn. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Melissa Sue and Mart\'edn}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11112111 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mart\'edn, Tyler William. Tyler William was born on 1993-11-29.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111221.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Heather Jo. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Heather Jo was born on 1972-03-14.  She is the daughter of Garner, Richard Eugene and Gibbs, Elaine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111222.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Regina Lynne. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Regina Lynne was born on 1973-08-27.  She is the daughter of Garner, Richard Eugene and Gibbs, Elaine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111223.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Jason Richard. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jason Richard was born on 1975-10-20.  He is the son of Garner, Richard Eugene and Gibbs, Elaine. He married Harper, ??. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Harper, ?? and Garner, Jason Richard}
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11112231 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Victoria Laine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1280\fi-400\fi-400\li1280\tx1280{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1  11112232 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Vanichia Elaine. Vanichia Elaine was born on 1993-10-01.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111231.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Michael Christopher. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Michael Christopher was born on 1975-06-01.  He is the son of Garner, Michael Stanley and Gibbs, Sharon. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111232.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Megan Ann. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Megan Ann was born on 1978-07-17.  She is the daughter of Garner, Michael Stanley and Gibbs, Sharon. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111241.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b D\'edez, William George Jr. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 William George Jr. was born on 1972-10-10.  He is the son of D\'edez, William George and Garner, Barbara Jo. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111251.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Jon Dennis. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jon Dennis was born on 1978-02-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Dennis and Garner, Kathryn Mary. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111252.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Adria Maria. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Adria Maria was born on 1971-06-01 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Dennis and Garner, Kathryn Mary. She married Demers, ?? in 1993-06-00. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111253.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Jacqueline Denise. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jacqueline Denise was born on 1981-01-18 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She is the daughter of {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Dennis and Garner, Kathryn Mary. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111254.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Joshua David. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Joshua David was born on 1984-04-07 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He is the son of {\uc1\u1057\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1075\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Dennis and Garner, Kathryn Mary. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111261.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Allison Renee. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Allison Renee was born on 1984-03-20.  She is the daughter of Garner, Peter George and Gibbs, Joy. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111262.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Amy Elizabeth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Amy Elizabeth was born on 1989-04-11.  She is the daughter of Garner, Peter George and Gibbs, Joy. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111281.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hill, Jo Lynn. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jo Lynn was born on 1977-03-12.  She is the daughter of Hill and Garner, Louella Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111282.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hill, Leigh Ann. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Leigh Ann was born on 1979-01-23.  She is the daughter of Hill and Garner, Louella Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1111283.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hill, Sean Michael. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Sean Michael was born on 1980-05-10.  He is the son of Hill and Garner, Louella Marie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 8}
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112111.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mart\'edn, Tyler William. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Tyler William was born on 1993-11-29.  He is the son of Mart\'edn and Garner, Melissa Sue. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112231.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Victoria Laine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She is the daughter of Garner, Jason Richard and Harper, ??. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi-840\fi-840\li860\tx860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11112232.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Vanichia Elaine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li860\fi0\li860{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Vanichia Elaine was born on 1993-10-01.  She is the daughter of Garner, Jason Richard and Harper, ??. }
\par}
