{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\kerning0\cf0\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\widowctl
\pard\qc\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs32\cf0\cb1\b Ancestral Report for Garner, Rita Marie}
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 1}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 1.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Rita Marie. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Rita Marie was born on 1952-09-07 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She is the daughter of Garner, Howard Lane and Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. She married Warner, Allen Carl on 1974-08-10 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Spouse: Warner, Allen Carl.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Allen Carl was born on 1952-02-01 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He is the son of Warner, George Edward and Lessard, Elinor Jane. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Garner, Rita Marie and Warner, Allen Carl}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, Sarah Suzanne. Sarah Suzanne was born on 1987-08-29 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, James Jeffrey. James Jeffrey was born on 1984-05-03 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, Carl Thomas. Carl Thomas was born on 1981-05-11 in Gainesville, Llano, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, John Allen. John Allen was born on 1979-05-04 in New Haven, New Haven, CT, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Warner, Matthew Steven. Matthew Steven was born on 1977-06-23 in New Haven, New Haven, CT, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 2}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 2.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Howard Lane. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Howard Lane was born on 1928-07-09 in LaGrange, GA, USA.  He is the son of Garner, Eugene Stanley and Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe). He married Mar\'edn, Mary Anne on 1948-02-02 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 3.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Mary Anne. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary Anne was born on 1927-01-13 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She is the daughter of Mar\'edn, Walter Matthew and Boucher, Mary Cecilia. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Mar\'edn, Mary Anne and Garner, Howard Lane}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Rita Marie [1]. Rita Marie was born on 1952-09-07 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Barry Joseph. Barry Joseph was born on 1948-12-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Anne Therese. Anne Therese was born on 1950-09-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Gerard Stephen. Gerard Stephen was born on 1955-07-31 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, David Walter. David Walter was born on 1956-12-21 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Thomas James. Thomas James was born on 1965-12-10 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 3}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 4.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Eugene Stanley. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Eugene Stanley was born on 1895-12-01 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  He died on 1984-03-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA at the age of 88 years, 3 months.  He was buried on 1984-03-03 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA. He was the son of Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr and Martel, Luella Jacques. He married Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe) on 1921-01-03 in Edison, NJ, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 5.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe). }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Frances Lucille (Babe) was born on 1902-07-08 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1988-08-09 in Worthington, MN, USA at the age of 86 years, 1 month.  She was buried on 1988-08-11 in Worthington, MN, USA. She was the daughter of Reed, Francis Vincent and {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Catherine Virginia. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe) and Garner, Eugene Stanley}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Howard Lane [2]. Howard Lane was born on 1928-07-09 in LaGrange, GA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Eugene Stanley, Jr.. Eugene Stanley, Jr. was born in Vernon, Wilbarger, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, John Roger. John Roger was born on 1925-10-29 in Lafayette, Tippecanoe, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 6.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Walter Matthew. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Walter Matthew was born on 1893-12-29 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He died on 1969-01-16 in Worthington, MN, USA at the age of 75 years, 18 days.  He was buried on 1969-01-18 in Worthington, MN, USA. He was the son of Mar\'edn, Moses Wallace and Landry, Eleanor (Nellie) Therese. He married Boucher, Mary Cecilia on 1920-06-23 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 7.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, Mary Cecilia. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary Cecilia was born on 1890-02-17 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1945-06-03 in Worthington, MN, USA at the age of 55 years, 3 months.  She was buried on 1945-06-05 in Worthington, MN, USA. She was the daughter of Boucher, William Bernard and Reeves, Maria. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Boucher, Mary Cecilia and Mar\'edn, Walter Matthew}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Mary Anne [3]. Mary Anne was born on 1927-01-13 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Elizabeth Therese. Elizabeth Therese was born on 1928-10-11 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1928-12-29 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Joseph William. Joseph William was born on 1920-10-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He died in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 4}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 8.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Lewis Anderson was born on 1855-06-21 in Great Falls, MT, USA.  He died on 1911-06-28 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA at the age of 56 years, 7 days.  He was buried on 1911-07-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA. He was the son of Garner, Robert W. and Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. He married Martel, Luella Jacques on 1875-04-01 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Notes for Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 We have committed to synergistically disseminate resource-leveling methods of empowerment to set us apart from the competition. We envision to globally integrate inexpensive paradigms and professionally engineer timely technology while promoting personal employee growth. Our mission is to assertively build world-class methods of empowerment so that we may professionally promote parallel services to set us apart from the competition. It's our responsibility to dramatically maintain value-added services as well as to professionally simplify principle-centered technology for 100% customer satisfaction.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Thanks to the Mission Statement Generator from http://www.dilbert.com.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.\\line This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is a preformatted note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.\\line                   This is a note showing a lot of different markup that mixes with each other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This is \\line         a note showing \\line                              a lot of different markup \\line                                       that mixes with each \\line other making it a good stress test for markup notes.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1    test  |    val1  |     val2\\line   ------------------------------\\line     me   |   blue   |    red}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This source has all possible references pointing to it. The references are as follows:}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 This note appears as a note to the source and also as a note for the person.}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 page 01  Person\\line page 02    Name\\line page 03    Address\\line page 04    Attribute\\line page 05    PersonRef\\line page 06    MediaRef\\line page 07      Attribute\\line page 08    LdsOrd\\line page 09    EventRef:Attribute \\line page 10  Family\\line page 11    Attribute\\line page 12    ChildRef\\line page 13    MediaRef\\line page 14      Attribute\\line page 15    LdsOrd\\line page 16    EventRef:Attribute\\line page 17  Event\\line page 18    Attribute\\line page 19    MediaRef\\line page 20      Attribute\\line page 21  MediaObject\\line page 22    Attribute\\line page 23  Place\\line page 24    MediaRef\\line page 25      Attribute\\line page 26  Repository:Address}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 9.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Martel, Luella Jacques. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Luella Jacques was born on 1852-01-23 in Eureka, Humboldt, CA, USA.  She died on 1921-04-28 in Myrtle Beach, SC, USA at the age of 69 years, 3 months.  She was buried on 1921-04-30 in Myrtle Beach, SC, USA. She was the daughter of Martel, Henry and H\'e9bert, Ruth Ann. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Martel, Luella Jacques and Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Eugene Stanley [4]. Eugene Stanley was born on 1895-12-01 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  He died on 1984-03-01 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Jesse V.. Jesse V. was born on 1876-06-18 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1929-01-21 in Cedar City, UT, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Raymond E.. Raymond E. was born on 1878-09-16 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1921-05-02 in Astoria, OR, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Jennie S.. Jennie S. was born on 1880-09-11 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  She died on 1964-06-20 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Walter E.. Walter E. was born on 1882-02-17 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1946-10-23 in Battle Creek, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Daniel Webster. Daniel Webster was born on 1883-09-30 in Hood River, OR, USA.  He died on 1936-03-02 in Gary, Lake, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Bertha P.. Bertha P. was born on 1888-03-13 in Hagerstown, MD, USA.  She died on 1918-04-05 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Elizabeth. Elizabeth was born in 1883.  She was buried in Hays, Ellis, KS, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 10.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reed, Francis Vincent. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Francis Vincent was born on 1857-05-02 in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  He died on 1945-03-02 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 87 years, 10 months.  He was buried on 1945-03-04 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. He was the son of Reed, John and Goodwin, Sarah. He married {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Catherine Virginia on 1883-09-12 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. He also married {\uc1\u1050\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1079\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1094\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Katherine in 1903. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 11.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Catherine Virginia. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Catherine Virginia was born on 1864-01-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1903-11-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 39 years, 10 months.  She was buried on 1903-11-29 in Lexington, NC, USA. She was the daughter of {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses and Holt, Bridget. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Catherine Virginia and Reed, Francis Vincent}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Frances Lucille (Babe) [5]. Frances Lucille (Babe) was born on 1902-07-08 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1988-08-09 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, Mary Elizabeth. Mary Elizabeth was born on 1887-06-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1918-10-22.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, Sarah "Sr. Sabina". Sarah "Sr. Sabina" was born on 1885-06-25 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1926-01-04 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, Catherine Virginia. Catherine Virginia was born on 1892-02-22 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1926-03-01.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, John Francis"Chick". John Francis"Chick" was born on 1889-10-10.  He died on 1938-10-23.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, Miles Joseph"Dutch". Miles Joseph"Dutch" was born on 1897-01-01 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He died on 1971-10-19 in Athens, Clarke, GA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, Margaret Agnes"Maudy". Margaret Agnes"Maudy" was born on 1894-12-02 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1974-07-21 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Kristensen, Anna June. Anna June was born on 1899-09-19 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1988-11-17 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 12.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Moses Wallace. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Moses Wallace was born on 1862-04-08 in Riverton, WY, USA.  He died on 1909-08-08 in Worthington, MN, USA at the age of 47 years, 4 months.  He was buried on 1909-08-10 in Worthington, MN, USA. He was the son of Mar\'edn, Alfred Franklin(Frank) and Floyd, Martha Frances "Fannie". He married Landry, Eleanor (Nellie) Therese on 1885-10-15 in Worthington, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 13.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Landry, Eleanor (Nellie) Therese. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Eleanor (Nellie) Therese was born in 1864-12-00 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1935-12-12 in Adjuntas, PR, USA at the age of 71 years, 11 days.  She was buried on 1935-12-14 in Worthington, MN, USA. She was the daughter of Fernandez, Thomas and Ortega, Catherine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Landry, Eleanor (Nellie) Therese and Mar\'edn, Moses Wallace}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Walter Matthew [6]. Walter Matthew was born on 1893-12-29 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He died on 1969-01-16 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Frank. He died in 1956-10-00 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Albert. Albert was born on 1895-08-27.  He died on 1965-06-14.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Thomas Willis. Thomas Willis was born on 1897-06-21.  He died on 1962-06-28.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Wilbur. He died in 1906-10-00 in Hutchinson, Reno, KS, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Lilla Estella. Lilla Estella was born on 1883-02-26 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1961-02-25 in Midland, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Nellie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 14.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, William Bernard. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 William Bernard was born on 1854-01-25 in Union, SC, USA.  He died on 1928-12-27 in Worthington, MN, USA at the age of 74 years, 11 months.  He was buried on 1928-12-29 in Worthington, MN, USA. He was the son of Boucher, Michael and Boucher, Honora. He married Reeves, Maria on 1875-04-11 in Rochester, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 15.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reeves, Maria. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Maria was born on 1856-11-26 in Big Spring, Howard, TX, USA.  She died on 1929-01-29 in Worthington, MN, USA at the age of 72 years, 2 months.  She was buried on 1929-01-31 in Worthington, MN, USA. She was the daughter of Reeves, James and Meyer, Catherine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Reeves, Maria and Boucher, William Bernard}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Mary Cecilia [7]. Mary Cecilia was born on 1890-02-17 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1945-06-03 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Nora A.. Nora A. was born on 1879-07-18 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1939-08-15.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Michael J.. Michael J. was born on 1883-05-10 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Thomas W.. Thomas W. was born on 1888-12-06 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  He died on 1942-04-02.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, James. James was born in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 5}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 16.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Robert W. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Robert W. was born on 1826/7-04-24 (Julien) in Aberdeen, WA, USA.  He died on 1916-02-03 in Portsmouth, OH, USA at the age of 88 years, 8 months.  He was buried on 1916-02-05 (Mar25) in Knoxville, TN, USA. He was the son of Garner, Joseph and Edwards, Lucy. He married Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily on 1849-10-04 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 17.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Phoebe Emily was born on 1827-04-12 in Bogalusa, Washington, LA, USA.  She died on 1882-03-07 in Albuquerque, NM, USA at the age of 54 years, 10 months.  She was buried on 1882-03-09 in Michigan City, LaPorte, IN, USA. She was the daughter of {\uc1\u1064\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1089\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George and Daniels, Phoebe. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily and Garner, Robert W.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner von Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Lewis Anderson Sr [8]. Lewis Anderson was born on 1855-06-21 in Great Falls, MT, USA.  He died on 1911-06-28 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Phebe. Phebe was born in 1850 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA.  She died avant 1860.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Mary J.. Mary J. was born on 1851-10-12.  She died on 1852-04-01.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Mary M.. Mary M. was born on 1851-10-12.  She died on 1858-05-24.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Rebecca Catharine. Rebecca Catharine was born on 1857-05-30 in Denver-Aurora, CO, USA.  She died on 1937-04-09 in Alice, Jim Wells, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Carr, Zelpha Josephine. Zelpha Josephine was born on 1858-12-31 in Brownwood, Harris, TX, USA.  She died on 1895-02-08 in Beckley, WV, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Iola Elizabeth Betty. Iola Elizabeth Betty was born on 1860-11-01 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA.  She died on 1941-04-17 in Killeen, Bell, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ix.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Robert F.. Robert F. was born on 1863-04-04 in Paragould, Greene, AR, USA.  He died on 1940-02-17 in Marshalltown, Marshall, IA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 x.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Emma A.. Emma A. was born on 1868-08-18.  She died on 1869-02-23.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 xi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Anetta. Anetta was born on 1870-06-13 in Centralia, WA, USA.  She died on 1900-10-04 in Columbus, Bartholomew, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 xii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Antoinette. Antoinette was born on 1870-06-13 in Starkville, MS, USA.  She died avant 1880.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 18.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Martel, Henry. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Henry was born on 1805-10-27 in Wauchula, Hardee, FL, USA.  He died on 1902-01-18 in Helena, MT, USA at the age of 96 years, 2 months.  He was buried in 1902 in Helena, MT, USA. He married H\'e9bert, Ruth Ann on 1840-04-04. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 19.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b H\'e9bert, Ruth Ann. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Ruth Ann was born in Ardmore, OK, USA.  She died in 1843.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of H\'e9bert, Ruth Ann and Martel, Henry}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Martel, Luella Jacques [9]. Luella Jacques was born on 1852-01-23 in Eureka, Humboldt, CA, USA.  She died on 1921-04-28 in Myrtle Beach, SC, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 20.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reed, John. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John was born in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  He died on 1886-08-11 in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  He was buried in 1886-08-00 in Shelbyville, TN, USA. He married Goodwin, Sarah on 1835-02-10 in North Platte, NE, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 21.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Goodwin, Sarah. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Sarah was born in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  She died in Shelbyville, TN, USA.  She was buried in 1886 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Goodwin, Sarah and Reed, John}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Francis Vincent [10]. Francis Vincent was born on 1857-05-02 in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  He died on 1945-03-02 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Hugh. Hugh was born on 1853-06-13 in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  He died on 1917-04-24 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, John. John was born on 1844-05-19 in Defiance, OH, USA.  He died on 1926-03-28.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Bridgette. Bridgette was born on 1850-01-19 in Gulfport, MS, USA.  She died on 1901-08-13 in Alexandria, Rapides, LA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Mary. Mary was born on 1839-03-08 in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  She died in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Edward. Edward was born on 1847-06-28 in El Campo, Wharton, TX, USA.  He died on 1892-03-05 in Plymouth, Marshall, IN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Catherine. Catherine was born on 1842-01-09 in Gulfport, MS, USA.  She died in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reed, Patrick. Patrick was born on 1836-02-22 in Mount Sterling, Montgomery, KY, USA.  He died in Decatur, Morgan, AL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 22.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Moses was born in 1827 in Eugene, OR, USA.  He died in 1872 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 45 years.  He was buried in Lexington, NC, USA. He was the son of {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Miles? and Smith, Anastasia?. He married Holt, Bridget on 1854-02-04 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 23.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Holt, Bridget. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Bridget was born in 1829-12-00 in Manchester, NH, USA.  She died on 1904-02-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 74 years, 2 months.  She was buried in Lexington, NC, USA. She was the daughter of Howell, John and Yates, Sarah. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Holt, Bridget and {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Catherine Virginia [11]. Catherine Virginia was born on 1864-01-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  She died on 1903-11-27 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Myles. Myles was born in Hutchinson, Reno, KS, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, John. John was born in Hutchinson, Reno, KS, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Mary Ellen. Mary Ellen was born in Hutchinson, Reno, KS, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 24.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, Alfred Franklin(Frank). }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Alfred Franklin(Frank) was born in Paducah, McCracken, KY-IL, USA.  He died on 1864-12-25 in Worthington, MN, USA.  He was buried on 1860-12-27 in Douglas, Coffee, GA, USA. He was the son of Schultz, John and Payne, Jane Coppage. He married Floyd, Martha Frances "Fannie" in 1860-10-00 in Bennington, VT, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 25.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Floyd, Martha Frances "Fannie". }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Martha Frances "Fannie" was born on 1843-05-13 in Provo, UT, USA.  She died on 1913-04-17 in Syracuse, Onondaga, NY, USA at the age of 69 years, 11 months.  She was buried on 1913-04-19 in Corpus Christi, Nueces, TX, USA. She was the daughter of Floyd, John S. and Coleman, Mary. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Floyd, Martha Frances "Fannie" and Mar\'edn, Alfred Franklin(Frank)}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Moses Wallace [12]. Moses Wallace was born on 1862-04-08 in Riverton, WY, USA.  He died on 1909-08-08 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Alice. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Willis. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 26.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Fernandez, Thomas. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Thomas was born on 1825-11-27 in Escanaba, MI, USA.  He died on 1902-11-26 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 76 years, 11 months.  He was buried in 1902 in The Villages, Sumter, FL, USA. He was the son of Fernandez, Thomas and Holloway, Sarah. He married Ortega, Catherine on 1863-04-27 in Wabash, Wabash, IN, USA. He also married Couture, Honora. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Couture, Honora and Fernandez, Thomas}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Landry, Sarah. Sarah was born vers 1857.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Fernandez, Michael. Michael was born on 1855-05-27 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 27.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Ortega, Catherine. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Catherine was born in 1843 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died in 1876 at the age of 33 years.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Ortega, Catherine and Fernandez, Thomas}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Landry, Eleanor (Nellie) Therese [13]. Eleanor (Nellie) Therese was born in 1864-12-00 in Worthington, MN, USA.  She died on 1935-12-12 in Adjuntas, PR, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Landry, Mollie. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Landry, Kitty. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 28.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, Michael. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Michael was born in 1820 in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  He died on 1859-01-09 in Beaumont, Jefferson, TX, USA at the age of 39 years, 8 days.  He was buried in 1859 in Lexington, NE, USA. He was the son of Boucher, David and Morrison, Nancy. He married Boucher, Honora in Buffalo, Erie, NY, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 29.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, Honora. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Honora was born in 1824 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died on 1895-02-09 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA at the age of 71 years, 1 month.  She was buried in 1895-02-00 in Lexington, NE, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Boucher, Honora and Boucher, Michael}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, William Bernard [14]. William Bernard was born on 1854-01-25 in Union, SC, USA.  He died on 1928-12-27 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Thomas. Thomas was born on 1840-12-24.  He died on 1885-07-29.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Michael. He died on 1920-02-18.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Bridget. Bridget was born on 1850-05-14.  She died on 1922-05-11.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Catherine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Charles. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 30.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reeves, James. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 James was born on 1819-03-24 in Hereford, Deaf Smith, TX, USA.  He died on 1897-07-11 in Cadillac, MI, USA at the age of 78 years, 3 months.  He was buried on 1897-07-13 in Fort Collins, Larimer, CO, USA. He was the son of Reeves, John and McCarthy, Mary. He married Meyer, Catherine on 1847-08-15 in Spirit Lake, Dickinson, IA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 31.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Meyer, Catherine. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Catherine was born on 1825-06-19 in Las Vegas, NV, USA.  She died on 1911-01-30 in Cadillac, MI, USA at the age of 85 years, 7 months.  She was buried on 1911-02-01 in Fort Collins, Larimer, CO, USA. She was the daughter of Meyer, P.D.. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Meyer, Catherine and Reeves, James}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Maria [15]. Maria was born on 1856-11-26 in Big Spring, Howard, TX, USA.  She died on 1929-01-29 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Mathew. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, John. }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 6}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 32.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Garner, Joseph. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Joseph was born in 1792 in Steubenville, OH, USA.  He died in Shawnee, OK, USA.  He married Edwards, Lucy on 1823-01-03 in Picayune, MS, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 33.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Edwards, Lucy. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Lucy was born on 1799-01-17 in Jamestowna, NY, USA.  She died on 1879-04-02 at the age of 80 years, 2 months.  She was buried on 1879-04-04 in Logan, UT-ID, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Edwards, Lucy and Garner, Joseph}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Robert W. [16]. Robert W. was born on 1826/7-04-24 (Julien) in Aberdeen, WA, USA.  He died on 1916-02-03 in Portsmouth, OH, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Lewis. Lewis was born on 1823-11-18 in Moscow, Latah, ID, USA.  He died on 1911-01-21 in Twin Falls, Twin Falls, ID, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Garner, Anderson. Anderson was born on 1825-01-28 in Steubenville, OH, USA.  He died on 1887-04-07 in Oakland, Alameda, CA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 34.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1064\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1089\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 George was born vers 1784-09-00 in Bogalusa, Washington, LA, USA.  He died on 1864-03-09 in Orlando, Orange, FL, USA at the age of about 79 years, 6 months.  He was buried in 1864-03-00 in Michigan City, LaPorte, IN, USA. He married Daniels, Phoebe. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 35.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Daniels, Phoebe. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Phoebe was born in Bogalusa, Washington, LA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Daniels, Phoebe and {\uc1\u1064\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1089\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Zieli{\uc1\u324\uc0}ski, Phoebe Emily [17]. Phoebe Emily was born on 1827-04-12 in Bogalusa, Washington, LA, USA.  She died on 1882-03-07 in Albuquerque, NM, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1092\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Willoughby M.. Willoughby M. was born on 1813-02-04 in Miami Beach, Miami-Dade, FL, USA.  He died on 1877-01-16 in Jamestown, ND, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1092\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Mary Ann. Mary Ann was born on 1812-03-07 in Duluth, MN, USA.  She died on 1880-11-27 in Starkville, MS, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1092\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, John P.. John P. was born vers 1818 in Waterloo-Cedar Falls, IA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1092\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Sarah Jane. Sarah Jane was born on 1825-07-29 in Steubenville, OH, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1092\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}. She was born apr\'e8s 1824.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 44.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Miles?. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Miles? was born in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He married Smith, Anastasia? in Lansing, MI, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 45.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Smith, Anastasia?. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Anastasia? was born in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Smith, Anastasia? and {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Miles?}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1058\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1093\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1085\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses [22]. Moses was born in 1827 in Eugene, OR, USA.  He died in 1872 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 46.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Howell, John. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John was born in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  He died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He was buried in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA. He married Yates, Sarah in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 47.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Yates, Sarah. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Sarah was born in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  She was buried in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Yates, Sarah and Howell, John}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Holt, Bridget [23]. Bridget was born in 1829-12-00 in Manchester, NH, USA.  She died on 1904-02-14 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 48.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Schultz, John. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John was born in Lock Haven, PA, USA.  He died in 1860.  He was buried. He was the son of Schultz, Rev.Isaac and Turner, Mary. He married Payne, Jane Coppage on 1811-06-21 in De Ridder, LA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 49.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Payne, Jane Coppage. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Jane Coppage was born in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA.  She died on 1873-06-07 in Norfolk, NE, USA.  She was buried on 1873-06-07 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA. She was the daughter of Payne, George and Diaz, Frances. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Payne, Jane Coppage and Schultz, John}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Alfred Franklin(Frank) [24]. Alfred Franklin(Frank) was born in Paducah, McCracken, KY-IL, USA.  He died on 1864-12-25 in Worthington, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Willis H.. Willis H. was born on 1822-11-11 in New Castle, PA, USA.  He died on 1894-01-02 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Nancy H.. Nancy H. was born in Paris, TN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Mar\'edn, Frances Coppage. Frances Coppage was born on 1813-03-25 in Ottumwa, Wapello, IA, USA.  She died on 1891-10-01 in Spearfish, SD, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 50.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Floyd, John S. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John S. was born in 1802 in Lakeland, Polk, FL, USA.  He died in 1893 in Norfolk, NE, USA at the age of 91 years.  He was buried in Dubuque, Dubuque, IA, USA. He married Coleman, Mary on 1830-12-10 in Coeur d'Alene, Kootenai, ID, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 51.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Coleman, Mary. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary was born in 1812 in Cincinnati, OH, USA.  She died in Norfolk, NE, USA.  She was buried in Dubuque, Dubuque, IA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Coleman, Mary and Floyd, John S.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Floyd, Martha Frances "Fannie" [25]. Martha Frances "Fannie" was born on 1843-05-13 in Provo, UT, USA.  She died on 1913-04-17 in Syracuse, Onondaga, NY, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Floyd, Sarah (Sally). She died in Olean, Cattaraugus, NY, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 52.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Fernandez, Thomas. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Thomas was born in 1787 in Laramie, WY, USA.  He died in Oshkosh, WI, USA.  He married Holloway, Sarah on 1820-02-13 in Batesville, Independence, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 53.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Holloway, Sarah. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Sarah was born on 1795-09-10 in Bishop, Inyo, CA, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  She was the daughter of Holloway, John(?) and {\uc1\u1054\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Margaret(?). }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Holloway, Sarah and Fernandez, Thomas}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Fernandez, Thomas [26]. Thomas was born on 1825-11-27 in Escanaba, MI, USA.  He died on 1902-11-26 in Ottawa, La Salle, IL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 56.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Boucher, David. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 David was born in East Liverpool, OH, USA.  He died in Fargo, ND, USA.  He was buried in Somerset, PA, USA. He married Morrison, Nancy in 1810 in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 57.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Morrison, Nancy. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Nancy was born in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA.  She died in Fargo, ND, USA.  She was buried in Somerset, PA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Morrison, Nancy and Boucher, David}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Michael [28]. Michael was born in 1820 in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  He died on 1859-01-09 in Beaumont, Jefferson, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Catherine. Catherine was born in 1816 in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  She died in 1857 in Hinesville, Liberty, GA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Patrick. Patrick was born in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  He died in Port St, Lucie, FL, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, Bridget. Bridget was born in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Boucher, William. William was born in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  He died in Andrews, Andrews, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 60.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reeves, John. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John was born in Toccoa, Stephens, GA, USA.  He died in Lewiston, ME, USA.  He was buried in Sturgis, MI, USA. He married McCarthy, Mary in Loveland, Larimer, CO, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 61.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b McCarthy, Mary. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary was born in Malone, Franklin, NY, USA.  She died in Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA, USA.  She was buried in Sturgis, MI, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of McCarthy, Mary and Reeves, John}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, James [30]. James was born on 1819-03-24 in Hereford, Deaf Smith, TX, USA.  He died on 1897-07-11 in Cadillac, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, John. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Mathew. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, William. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Elizabeth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Bridget. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Ann. She died apr\'e8s 1901 in Mount Vernon, WA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reeves, Catherine. She died avant 1901 in Mount Vernon, WA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 62.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Meyer, P.D. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 P.D. was born in Kapaa, HI, USA.  He died in Kapaa, HI, USA.  He was buried in Kapaa, HI, USA. He married Unknown. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Unknown and Meyer, P.D.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Meyer, Catherine [31]. Catherine was born on 1825-06-19 in Las Vegas, NV, USA.  She died on 1911-01-30 in Cadillac, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 7}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 96.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Schultz, Rev.Isaac. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Rev.Isaac was born in Peru, Miami, IN, USA.  He died vers 1818 in Seneca Falls, Seneca, NY, USA.  He was buried vers 1818 in Puerto Rico. He was the son of Mar\'edn, William and Francis, Elizabeth. He married Turner, Mary in 5 in Peru, Miami, IN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 97.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Turner, Mary. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Turner, Mary and Schultz, Rev.Isaac}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Schultz, John [48]. John was born in Lock Haven, PA, USA.  He died in 1860.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 98.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Payne, George. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 George was born on 1747-08-22 in Lock Haven, PA, USA.  He died on 1821-07-09 in Jackson, MI, USA at the age of 73 years, 10 months.  He was buried on 1821-07-11 in Jackson, MI, USA. He was the son of Payne, Leonard? and Brooks, Elizabeth"Betty". He married Diaz, Frances on 1783-12-15 in De Ridder, LA, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 99.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Diaz, Frances. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Frances was born on 1761-08-07 in Columbia, MO, USA.  She died on 1851-10-06 in Jackson, MI, USA at the age of 90 years, 1 month.  She was buried on 1851-10-08 in Jackson, MI, USA. She was the daughter of {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses Aaron and Reynolds, Mary Jane. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Diaz, Frances and Payne, George}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Jane Coppage [49]. Jane Coppage was born in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA.  She died on 1873-06-07 in Norfolk, NE, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, George. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Fielding. Fielding was born on 1788-01-03 in De Ridder, LA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Winifred. Winifred was born in De Ridder, LA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Nancy. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Lucretia. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Moses. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, James. James was born in Steubenville, OH, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ix.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Willis. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 x.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Alexander. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 106.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Holloway, John(?). }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 John(?) was born in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  He married {\uc1\u1054\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Margaret(?). }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 107.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1054\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Margaret(?). }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Margaret(?) was born in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of {\uc1\u1054\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1083\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Margaret(?) and Holloway, John(?)}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Holloway, Sarah [53]. Sarah was born on 1795-09-10 in Bishop, Inyo, CA, USA.  She died in Del Rio, Val Verde, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 8}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 192.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Mar\'edn, William. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He died in Lewisburg, PA, USA.  He was buried in Sheridan, WY, USA. He married Francis, Elizabeth in Ocean Pines, MD, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 193.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Francis, Elizabeth. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She died in Little Rock, Pulaski, AR, USA.  She was buried in Little Rock, Pulaski, AR, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Francis, Elizabeth and Mar\'edn, William}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Schultz, Rev.Isaac [96]. Rev.Isaac was born in Peru, Miami, IN, USA.  He died vers 1818 in Seneca Falls, Seneca, NY, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 196.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Payne, Leonard?. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Leonard? was born avant 1720 in Duluth, MN, USA.  He died apr\'e8s 1757 in Duluth, MN, USA at the age of more than 37 years.  He was buried in Duluth, MN, USA. He was the son of Payne, Leonard and Hall, Elizabeth. He married Brooks, Elizabeth"Betty" in 46 in Georgetown, SC, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 197.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Brooks, Elizabeth"Betty". }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Elizabeth"Betty" was born in Durham, NC, USA.  She died in Dickinson, ND, USA.  She was buried in Roseburg, OR, USA. She was the daughter of Brooks, Major Marquis II and Rubio, Winifred. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Brooks, Elizabeth"Betty" and Payne, Leonard?}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, George [98]. George was born on 1747-08-22 in Lock Haven, PA, USA.  He died on 1821-07-09 in Jackson, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 198.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses Aaron. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Moses Aaron was born on 1735-11-09 in Willmar, MN, USA.  He died in Richmond, VA, USA.  He was buried in Danville, Vermilion, IL, USA. He was the son of {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Charles Sr. and Lapointe, Lucy aka Sarah. He married Reynolds, Mary Jane in 1759 in Carson City, NV, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 199.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reynolds, Mary Jane. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Mary Jane was born in Carson City, NV, USA.  She died in Winchester, VA, USA.  She was the daughter of Reynolds, John and Newman, Margaret. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Reynolds, Mary Jane and {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses Aaron}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, Frances [99]. Frances was born on 1761-08-07 in Columbia, MO, USA.  She died on 1851-10-06 in Jackson, MI, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, George. George was born in Cabo Rojo, PR, USA.  He died in Union City, TN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, James. James was born on 1763-04-15 in Jamestowna, NY, USA.  He died in Toledo, OH, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Nancy Ann. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Travis. Travis was born on 1767-09-12.  He died in Winchester, VA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, William. William was born on 1768-04-01 in York, PA, USA.  He died in 1853 in New Orleans, Orleans, LA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Margaret Jane. Margaret Jane was born in Waterloo-Cedar Falls, IA, USA.  She died in Steubenville, OH, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Alexander Carroll Sr.. Alexander Carroll Sr. was born on 1771-04-20 in Greenwood, MS, USA.  He died on 1838-01-18 in Indiana, PA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ix.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, Mary Polly. Mary Polly was born in York, PA, USA.  She died in 1822.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 9}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 392.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Payne, Leonard. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Leonard was born vers 1655 in Fort Lauderdale, Broward, FL, USA.  He died in 1745-10-00 in Duluth, MN, USA at the age of about 90 years, 9 months.  He was buried in 1745 in Duluth, MN, USA. He married Hall, Elizabeth. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 393.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Hall, Elizabeth. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 She died avant 1745 in Duluth, MN, USA.  She was buried in Duluth, MN, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Hall, Elizabeth and Payne, Leonard}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Payne, Leonard? [196]. Leonard? was born avant 1720 in Duluth, MN, USA.  He died apr\'e8s 1757 in Duluth, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 394.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Brooks, Major Marquis II. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Major Marquis II was born in 1705 in Bennettsville, SC, USA.  He died on 1755-05-10 in Duluth, MN, USA at the age of 50 years, 4 months.  He was the son of Brooks, Marquis I and Guzman, Isabella. He married Rubio, Winifred in 1725 in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 395.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Rubio, Winifred. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Winifred was born in 1709 in Pittsburgh, PA, USA.  She died on 1751-10-06 in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA at the age of 42 years, 9 months.  She was buried in 1751 in Marshfield, WI, USA. She was the daughter of Rubio, John III. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Rubio, Winifred and Brooks, Major Marquis II}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Brooks, Elizabeth"Betty" [197]. Elizabeth"Betty" was born in Durham, NC, USA.  She died in Dickinson, ND, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Brooks, William Waller. William Waller was born on 1727-01-18 in Martinsville, VA, USA.  He died on 1773-09-19 in Duluth, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 396.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Charles Sr. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Charles Sr. was born vers 1687 in Keokuk, Lee, IA, USA.  He died on 1750-05-13 in Seneca, SC, USA at the age of about 63 years, 4 months.  He was the son of Diaz, William and Baldwin, Anne. He married Lapointe, Lucy aka Sarah. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 397.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Lapointe, Lucy aka Sarah. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Lucy aka Sarah was born vers 1718.  She died vers 1741 at the age of about 23 years.  She was the daughter of Lapointe, John and Madsen, Catherine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Lapointe, Lucy aka Sarah and {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Charles Sr.}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Moses Aaron [198]. Moses Aaron was born on 1735-11-09 in Willmar, MN, USA.  He died in Richmond, VA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, William. William was born in 1727 in Pueblo, Pueblo, CO, USA.  He died on 1766-05-12.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Charles. Charles was born vers 1729.  He died vers 1786.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Mary. Mary was born vers 1731.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Lucy. Lucy was born vers 1733.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vi.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Isaac. Isaac was born vers 1737.  He died in 1807.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 vii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Lazarus. Lazarus was born vers 1739.  He died in 1762.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 viii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, James. James was born vers 1741.  He died vers 1778.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 398.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reynolds, John. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He died in 1788 in Easton, MD, USA.  He was buried in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA. He was the son of Reynolds, William. He married Newman, Margaret. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 399.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Newman, Margaret. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Newman, Margaret and Reynolds, John}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reynolds, Mary Jane [199]. Mary Jane was born in Carson City, NV, USA.  She died in Winchester, VA, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li0\fi0{\f1\fs28\cf0\cb1\i Generation 10}
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 788.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Brooks, Marquis I. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Marquis I was born in 1675 in Tampa, Hillsborough, FL, USA.  He died in 1741 in Martinsville, VA, USA at the age of 66 years.  He was the son of Brooks, Guillaume de. He married Guzman, Isabella. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 789.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Guzman, Isabella. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Isabella was born vers 1695 in McAlester, OK, USA.  She died apr\'e8s 1700 in McAlester, OK, USA at the age of more than about 5 years.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Guzman, Isabella and Brooks, Marquis I}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Brooks, Major Marquis II [394]. Major Marquis II was born in 1705 in Bennettsville, SC, USA.  He died on 1755-05-10 in Duluth, MN, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 790.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Rubio, John III. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He married Unknown. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Unknown and Rubio, John III}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Rubio, Winifred [395]. Winifred was born in 1709 in Pittsburgh, PA, USA.  She died on 1751-10-06 in Laredo, Webb, TX, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 792.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Diaz, William. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 William was born vers 1648 in Gaffney, SC, USA.  He died on 1700-09-16 in Coldwater, MI, USA at the age of about 52 years, 8 months.  He was the son of Swanson, William and Jensen, Elizabeth. He married Baldwin, Anne. He also married {\uc1\u1050\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1072\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Jane. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 793.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Baldwin, Anne. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 Anne was born vers 1656.  She died in Louisville, Jefferson, KY, USA.  She was buried in Louisville, Jefferson, KY, USA. She was the daughter of Baldwin, Peter and {\uc1\u1053\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1082\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1092\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1086\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Baldwin, Anne and Diaz, William}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 {\uc1\u1044\uc0}{\uc1\u1084\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1090\uc0}{\uc1\u1088\uc0}{\uc1\u1080\uc0}{\uc1\u1077\uc0}{\uc1\u1074\uc0}, Charles Sr. [396]. Charles Sr. was born vers 1687 in Keokuk, Lee, IA, USA.  He died on 1750-05-13 in Seneca, SC, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, William. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, John. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 iv.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, James. }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 v.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Diaz, Anne. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 794.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Lapointe, John. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 He was the son of Lapointe, William. He married Madsen, Catherine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 795.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Madsen, Catherine. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Madsen, Catherine and Lapointe, John}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Lapointe, Lucy aka Sarah [397]. Lucy aka Sarah was born vers 1718.  She died vers 1741.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi-540\fi-540\li560\tx560{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 796.\tab}{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1\b Reynolds, William. }{\f0\fs24\cf0\cb1 William was born vers 1695 in Moses Lake, WA, USA.  He died vers 1788 in Manhattan, Riley, KS, USA at the age of about 93 years.  He was buried in Manhattan, Riley, KS, USA. He was the son of Reynolds, David and Vaughn, Mary Meriwether. He married Unknown. }
\par\pard\ri0\li560\fi0\li560{\f1\fs20\cf0\cb1\b Children of Unknown and Reynolds, William}
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 i.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reynolds, John [398]. He died in 1788 in Easton, MD, USA.  }
\par\pard\ri0\li1000\fi-400\fi-400\li1000\tx1000{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 ii.\tab}{\f0\fs20\cf0\cb1 Reynolds, Robert. }
\par}
